---
title: 8A IT - Codecademy Lesson 6
layout: post
author: gus.bloxham
permalink: /8a-it---lesson-6/
source-id: 1w2uNI3YCIpZGy35XZ4MsrL46HJBkXxTWwz2sRjlBKjk
published: true
---

<html>
<head>
<style>
table, th, td {
    border: 1px solid black;
}
table, th, td {
    width: 100%;
}
th, td {
    padding: 15px;
    text-align: left;
}
th {
    background-color: #4CAF50;
    color: white;
}
tr:nth-child(even) {background-color: #f2f2f2}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Codecademy</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>14/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Chapter </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach Chapter</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As usual, I went through the set exercises on Codecademy. I noticed that I was making lots more progress than I did the last few weeks. I think this is because I was reading the information at the left hand side of the screen more thoroughly which gave me a better understanding of the code. This may be partially due to a massive block of code (as sometimes presented in the middle) can be intimidating whereas the information on the side is very concise and explains things very well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to make sure that I do not get too distracted from the work if somebody else is stuck. I wasted lots of time trying to figure out why Seth's code didn’t work (some of the information was not correct on the side) and so I couldn’t get through as much work as I would’ve done since I had less time. Other than that, this lesson went very smoothly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will make sure I don’t get too sidetracked, and hopefully I will get more work done next lesson (I definitely will if I focus more). Also, I have been learning to touch-type outside of school, and I hope that this will mean that I can type faster and get through more work. I already have something on my computer to help me do this, so it should be relatively straightforward. Overall, I am happy with how fast I am working as a whole and hopefully I can finish the course on time. I have learnt that the percentages are unreliable indicators as they only update at the end of each section.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

</body>
</html>
