---
title: 9U IT - Lesson 4
layout: post
author: gus.bloxham
permalink: /9u-it---lesson-4/
source-id: 1OTP1K13CbJOfWLh3PhGnCRJ2K24X4aSbK5B-_FgvsxE
published: true
---

<html>
<head>
<style>
table, th, td {
    border: 1px solid black;
}
table, th, td {
    width: 100%;
}
th, td {
    padding: 15px;
    text-align: left;
}
th {
    background-color: #7A7A7A;
    color: white;
}
tr:nth-child(even) {background-color: #f2f2f2}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Google Sheets</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>13/09/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Functional form</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To add charges and costs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This was a cover lesson, so there was no demonstration at the front this week. Instead, we had to go on sheets and work for the whole lesson. I found that sharing ideas for the costs with the people around me made life a lot easier and it made the spreadsheet more complete. Once again, having good formatting and some titles on the spreadsheet was helpful, because it meant that I could see how everything lined up. I also decided to add in a total box on the costs to make things easier to work out (and to make the "vlookup" command easier to use).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I didn't find much that limited me when it came to the work, and I managed to get through it all very quickly and efficiently. However, I found that I finished with lots of the lesson still left, so I was struggling to find things to do for the rest of the lesson. I ended up helping other people with their work for the other part of the lesson, and spent some more time trying to think prices or other costs. I think it would’ve been helpful to have an extension task to do (but not necessarily complete) when you finish, because, even if you don’t finish it, you’ll most likely learn more skills from that than from helping others.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, there isn’t very much to be changed. I worked very efficiently but maybe I could’ve tried something new on the document (e.g. making delivery charges cheaper when you order more items using inverse proportion). This would be helpful as it would help with problem solving skills, independence and maths. Overall, I found that this was still an effective cover lesson because we weren’t told what to type into each box; we had to figure it out ourselves.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

</body>
</html>

