---
title: 9U IT - Lesson 5
layout: post
author: gus.bloxham
permalink: /9u-it---lesson-5/
source-id: 1lwA5wdJ093-GY2qMd4cgjcm0sRBO1Or0GnFUdJd_2Ac
published: true
---
This lesson was the penultimate lesson of the half-term, and we were still completing our order forms on google sheets this lesson. We definitely learned a lot from this lesson, as we weren't given any hints on the board as to how to approach the work. Instead, we were shown how to do it at the front, which meant that we had to be listening so that we could get the form to work. I succeeded in getting it to work eventually, though I did get stuck on the =vlookup command, due to the fact that I created my table incorrectly. I ended up having to help some other people with this as well, so I’d assume that it was a pretty common problem with the table.

Overall, though, I found this to be a very successful lesson. I think I'd put this down to the fact that we were allowed to experiment ourselves instead of being told everything that we had to do and copying off the board (I actually find copying boring anyway).

One strategy which I tried which was effective was to dissect the =if command I had to use. I typed out the different stages (=vlookup to find percentage, work out percentage, 0 - answer) all into different boxes which allowed me to see what was happening more clearly. I will definitely try this out again in future weeks.

Overall, I thought that this was a very productive lesson, and I'm hoping that I will be able to work at this pace next week.

* * *


NOTE:

When it comes to my blog, I decided to try out creating a blog post without using the template for year 7 and 8 work. I think it works a lot better this way, as I am not restricted in any way as to what I type about the lesson, but the template definitely acted as a good guideline. There is a rather large difference in my thought process with a blank document and a template. I found filling out the boxes to be simple and ot very challenging, whereas now I am prompted to write about my own ideas.

<iframe src=https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nFiktDqZl4mcirc0eP9xzQOyNHz4dLmcIG15el6jzac/edit#gid=162730564</frame>
