---
title: 9U IT - Lesson 3
layout: post
author: gus.bloxham
permalink: /9u-it---lesson-3/
source-id: 1e0L8OeFP25z9nuzZni3G_7WcXAULjjSzm9kYOlQMssk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Google Sheets</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/09/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Functional form</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To add dropdown menus</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like last week, we learned by a demonstration at the front, followed by trying to work out solutions to problems and eventually getting to the desired result. This method was effective because it meant that we couldn't just mindlessly copy everything off of the board. We also were encouraged to solve problems by ourselves and persevere which was also very important to ensuring that we had to actually think about the problem first. I found that it was easier to read and change things in my table(s) when I formatted them appropriately (e.g. graying out areas, alternating colours in columns, etc.).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>There wasn’t much that I needed to change this week, but I noticed that, when I was adding in extra sections to the tables, I took on a problem which I couldn’t solve with what I had already learnt (I couldn’t make certain actions change text in other tables or find out when a number hits 0 and stop another function from being performed to make a stock sheet). Next time, I need to make sure I can perform a task before I start executing it in case it is impossible. Other than that, there wasn’t much to change this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will make sure that I know how to execute my strategies before I commit to them so I don’t end up wasting lots of time on an impossible problem. I should also try to build up a knowledge of how an order form would usually work, so that I can calculate the grand total (+VAT, Delivery, etc.). Another thing that would help with this is an improved knowledge of how Google Sheets functions. Even knowing small things such as using dollar signs before grid references causes numbers not to change when you copy a box can save lots of time in the long run. This will definitely make it easier, faster and more efficient for me to work in Google Sheets if I do this.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


