---
title: 9U IT - Lesson 1
layout: post
author: gus.bloxham
permalink: /9u-it---lesson-1/
source-id: 12AaPuCjN07rzXXUlR1Au8K6dWj-n7fDoeow39JwtYn4
published: true
---

<html>
<head>
<style>
table, th, td {
    border: 1px solid black;
}
table, th, td {
    width: 100%;
}
th, td {
    padding: 15px;
    text-align: left;
}
th {
    background-color: #7a7a7a;
    color: white;
}
tr:nth-child(even) {background-color: #f2f2f2}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Google Sheets</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>6/9/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn how to use sheets at a basic level</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We learnt by gathering around the front and being shown how to do some work, then doing it, then coming to the front, then doing more work, etc. This was more effective than one big talk at the front because it meant that we didn't have to remember as much code at once, but instead we could take it in steps which are much easier to manage. We also got to experiment with Google Sheets before we started on our actual project for this year for a bit, which helped to ensure that our work was neat and we could perform all of the basic requirements quicker (e.g. outlining tables, addition, subtraction, multiplication, averages, etc.)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I probably spent a bit too long trying to think up what my project could be on, so I couldn’t get on with it sooner. However, I still finished the tables and a bit more before the time was up (we had ~10 minutes to do a certain task) so it wasn’t very restricting. The other limiting factor was that everybody had to gather round before we could start, and some people were particularly slow at that, so in total we wasted about some time from that, but nothing too major overall.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I’ll get on with my work a lot sooner (I won’t have a large decision to make next time at least) and I’ll make sure I’m not holding the class up by being slow. Hopefully we’ll be able to get more work done next lesson, as we only have one hour of I.T. a week. It also might be a good idea to use Google Sheets for some things outside of school so that I am more familiar with the website for next time and I can get through more work. I should also name my different tabs more appropriately, because I might not be able to find the right tab at first if I don’t.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

</body>
</html>

