---
title: 9U IT - Lesson 2
layout: post
author: gus.bloxham
permalink: /9u-it---lesson-2/
source-id: 1IpkubrnspobCDZIfCHwxzZcDPko2QOIPDasAVhPL7IM
published: true
---

<html>
<head>
<style>
table, th, td {
    border: 1px solid black;
}
table, th, td {
    width: 100%;
}
th, td {
    padding: 15px;
    text-align: left;
}
th {
    background-color: ##7A7A7A;
    color: white;
}
tr:nth-child(even) {background-color: #f2f2f2}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Google Sheets</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>13/09/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Information in a table</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make an order form</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt in a similar way to last week, but we were shown how to do it in one big section because we were expected to remember the information but not copy directly and instead solve our own problems. I enjoyed this more than copying because it was engaging and I found it satisfying to finally solve the problems. Also, since we already knew how to do everything from last week's experimental lesson, I think this was more effective than just copying it out section by section, word for word.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The hardest part for me was trying to get the correct boxes in the =VLOOKUP command. I kept checking the wrong boxes on the spreadsheet which meant the function didn't work. Once I had figured it out, I had to explain it to 2 other people, so it doesn’t seem like the most intuitive thing. Other than that, I didn’t waste any time of my own or anybody elses by not gathering round the front/not concentrating. Overall, I would consider it a successful lesson as I got lots of work done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think the way I worked (not getting distracted, solving problems) was very productive and there’s not much to change there, but I think I need to format my work at least a little because at the moment the stock sheet looks very messy because it is simply a jumble of words, acronyms, numbers, prices and percentages. It might also help to build up my knowledge of commands and shortcuts so I don’t have to go to the equations box or write out lots of coordinates, but instead use the predictive list or highlight boxes/use $ signs to automate it as that is a lot faster. In general, though, I believe I worked very efficiently this lesson so I will try to maintain that level of focus for next time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

</body>
</html>

