---
title: 9U IT - Lesson 6
layout: post
author: gus.bloxham
permalink: /9u-it---lesson-6/
source-id: 1xNEaikPYblqnhAhh8Nu3xkFzZgPCvza_lWp0vHphEEY
published: true
---
This lesson was the final lesson of the half term, and I believe we have made great progress as a whole throughout the year. I really enjoyed the experimentation allowed with our documents over the old "copy and paste" method, and I liked how there were multiple ways to solve one problem. It was also great how we could see our progress over the lessons as our spreadsheets all became more complicated and interesting. Also, I have realised how helpful creating a spreadsheet will be to future jobs, and to important decisions (e.g. comparing prices, pros, and cons when buying a house). Overall, I found this to be a really fun, interesting and useful project.

I think that, throughout the project, one of the things that has limited me the most is the lack of resources I used. The only ones I used were the demonstrations at the start of every lesson, and the people next to me. It was only until over halfway through the project that I started to use resources. It was only when I did this that I was able to use commands, such as "=vlookup" perfectly every time; I could've done this earlier to save lots of time.

In the lesson itself, however, I think I worked very productively. I did end up using other resources and I managed to get lots of work done. I used a lot of trial and improvement this lesson, until I got all the information I wanted. I think that another useful technique was dissecting each command into smaller steps, like last week. I was more fluent at doing it this week, so I could start with one section I knew I could use, and just add on parts before and after it in the same box. This also meant that I didn't waste time compiling all of the sections into one box.

My Spreadsheet:

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQAnrUXI-4Eq_Zn7fr8Nji5X93mNyTvBYRvXOnF1jlULhET92ykHZD1hpC29tsGROJf9wLLNg_pKBVF/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>
