---
title: 8A IT - Lesson 8
layout: post
author: gus.bloxham
permalink: /8a-it---lesson-8/
source-id: 1n3JMD8v-YcFQBSPyyLQ-04LZ2jxvcei6N2QFNrVN2TA
published: true
---

<html>
<head>
<style>
table, th, td {
	border: 1px solid black;
}
table, th, td {
	width: 100%;
}
th, td {
	padding: 15px;
	text-align: left;
}
th {
	background-color: #4CAF50;
	color: white;
}
tr:nth-child(even) {background-color: #f2f2f2}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Codecademy</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>28/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Chapter 9</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach Chapter 10</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt, once again, by working through the course. I did notice today that my knowledge of previous parts of the course have improved from all the indirect learning (having to use it in my code as well, having it already in my code for me to read, etc.) when I helped Will with one of the exercises earlier on in the course. When I was at that point I struggled to incorporate all the concepts into one piece of code but I was easily able to correct Will's. One of the reasons why might’ve been that he already had the structure, and all I had to do was go through the error messages, correcting each section one by one (adding in returns, adding in a boolean operator, and making the code "return True").</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don’t really think anything limited me this week compared to others. Usually I would need to be more focused but I did focus today and I managed to make my way through almost double the work that I did last week. If there’s anything more I need to work on from this lesson it would be making sure I don’t skim-read the information, and then have to go back and read it again properly, but instead I should make sure that I know what is going on as I work my way through the information so that I don’t have to go back later to reread the initial information given to me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Even if there’s not much for me to change, I still need to make sure that I’m making those changes, and, more importantly than the changes, I should keep my focus in the lessons and make sure that I don’t stop working hard just because I am ahead of lots of other people. I’ve also notice that I seem to be pressing letters twice instead of once on the keyboards in the IT lab, but at home I only press the keys once. This may be due to there being less effort required to press the keys on that keyboard, as I am used to more travel distance and more resistance when I press the keys at home, though at this point I’m probably just being pedantic and exaggerating a problem that doesn’t really exist.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

</html>
</body>
